# Perceptions of Rollercoasters
Building a roller coaster entails an enormous amount of time, money, and effort. The average cost to build a roller coaster in the United States is approximately $8 million dollars (Ohio University, 2020). Amusement parks go through the hassle of installing new rollercoasters in hopes of bringing in more people and increasing revenue to the overall park. That is, if the new rollercoaster brings any new attention to the park. The idea is to build a roller coaster that will not only draw in the crowds because of its newness, but also to draw back the initial parties and their friends. The experience of the riders is just as important as the physics behind the roller coaster. So, to better equip the ride before installation, a prediction model will be made to create an idea how the roller coaster will be perceived by the public. The variables used in this model will be height, length, and speed of the roller coaster along with number of inversions within the ride. Additionally, type of material, seating, launch, and restraint will be analyzed. The two response variables in this case will be ratings of critics from two different websites. Multiple regression model will then assign a prediction rating for each rollercoaster given and then a binary will be formed based on that prediction number. In terms of the ratings given from the two websites, 7 or 70 will be the cutoff for the indication that the rollercoaster will be perceived well by the general public or not.  
